TW-1473 manage your team split/additions/rewrites (#5374)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/collaborating-in-postman/using-workspaces/partner-workspaces.md

1. (Workspace Admins and Partner Managers only) Select **Make them Partner Lead** if you'd like them to also be able to manage and invite partners within the workspace.
1. Select **Invite Partners**.

> Partner invites must be accepted by the email address you provided when you invited the individual. If a partner would like to use a different email address, or if an invite was mistakenly sent, you can [revoke the invite](/docs/administration/managing-your-team/manage-team-members/#invite-links) and send a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Partner invites must be accepted through the email address that was used to send the invite. If a partner wants to use a different email address, or if an invite was sent to the wrong email, you can [revoke the invite](/docs/administration/managing-your-team/manage-team-members/#invite-links) and send a new one.
```
